Father, I just plead the blood of Jesus over us. I thank you, Father, and anoint my head with oil.
I thank you, Lord, over this atmosphere of this room. Father, I plead the blood of Jesus over us.
We thank you, Lord, for your angels in the name of Jesus. I have to turn my phone off.
You want to ring-a-ding in a prayer? Holy Spirit, I invite you.
Thank you, Lord. You become so real to the people tonight. We yield to the anointing of the Holy Spirit.
Father, I yield to the anointing of the watcher and the anointing of the prophetic.
We thank you, Father. If you have something to say, you say it. Good evening, everybody.
Thank you for joining us again tonight, and happy Resurrection evening.
Isn't that wonderful? I pray you all had a good service today.
From what I have seen, there has been nothing on the news of any kind of ISIS or terrorist attack from around the world, and I just want to give God glory for every bit of it.
Isn't Jesus wonderful? They threatened and said so much, even after what the Lord warned us and we prayed and came together.
I told Braden that even if 10% of those watching—we had over 43,000 plus praying with us—at just the 10% mark were the real true prayer warriors, the ones with true grit who are ready to take their authority and communion and believe that God is able to do what he said he would do.
It is exciting to see what I believe the enemy was going to try to do to kill, steal, and destroy over Passover, Good Friday, and Resurrection Sunday.
We didn't hear anything across the world, not even in Nigeria. Isn't Jesus wonderful?
Think about that: a coliseum full of real intercessors agreeing and believing God.
Shouldn't we see that no weapon formed against us would prosper?
Whenever the enemy says he is going to destroy, we say, 'Oh, no, you're not.
We have power and authority over you.'Not our churches, not our houses, not our places of worship.
We will not have that. It's exciting to see that as we cross over into Monday.
Now our mission: we are praying for the Boston Marathon, art festivals, our oil wells, gas plants, oil refineries—including the ones in Tuttle and Houston—dams, power plants, and substations.
We are praying against any attack on our water infrastructure.
Last video, I didn't pray much; we just talked a little bit because I got a late start and I wanted everyone to go to church.
But my main focus tonight is President Trump. He's having a rough day.
The media is saying he was in the hospital, and it went viral.
There is so much fake news coming against him today. Then he committed a blunder, in my opinion.
Braden blacked out the cuss words, but I was disappointed in what he said.
That comes from the pressure of all hell coming against him concerning our nation, Agenda 2030, and the far-left wingnuts.
He makes statements like this out of pressure. I don't know if he knows who Allah is.
I'll give him the benefit of the doubt. But sir, that is not Jehovah Jireh.
That is Allah, that's Muhammad, that is the Muslim faith. We are not giving praise to Allah on Easter. I don't know what he was thinking.
I told you I saw a demonic spirit in the Oval Office, hiding from the watchers and poking at his head until a fog came over his mind.
I saw his eyes shielded with what looked like cataracts in the spirit.
The Lord told me to pray for President Trump to get him across the finish line concerning the midterms.
Now, when I heard Emmanuel Macron and other European leaders saying he made his bed and should lie in it concerning Iran, and he's telling them to protect the strait, they say they won't get involved.
Even France said they aren't getting involved. And partially, when you don't want to be involved in a major war, I understand; but if they saw what we see in the spirit regarding weapons of mass destruction, they would be helping.
Many of them have reprobate minds, from Macron on down. I believe Emmanuel Macron is the Ishmael to the Isaac of what is about to happen with the Antichrist—he is the forerunner.
In the days ahead, he will come out as a tyrant in Europe and try to take freedoms away in France and influence England, Italy, and Germany.
I saw a Hitler-type anointing trying to wrap around him. I also saw Jared acting as a forerunner, helping with peace agreements to get things ready for the Antichrist to step on the scene.
All I know is that in Iran and Israel, there has been such an acceleration going into 2026.
What does the rest of this year look like? If the Strait doesn't get opened up, they're calling for a global depression.
People on X are talking about oil prices hitting $150 a barrel.
Is this the beginning of the beast system? I feel in my spirit that something major is about to happen.
When I talk to elders who have been in ministry for years, they all say it looks like Jesus is getting ready to come back.
What is the domino that pushes this over? A global depression, a plague, or a major world war?
We don't hear much about Ukraine anymore; it's all about Iran now. I'm disappointed that Facebook attacked us today.
They told me I'm no longer allowed to post because they don't want my content on their platform.
They didn't take the whole page down, but I am blocked from posting new content.
I knew great censorship was coming. If you want to find us, we are on X, YouTube, Instagram, and TikTok.
However, TikTok already gave me two strikes, so I have to walk on eggshells there.
It's disappointing when you work hard for a platform and they ban you.
We are praying for favor, but if we must move on, we will focus on X. Elon Musk isn't an idiot so far.
The Lord told me great censorship would come toward the summer as they start banning people and their First Amendment rights. False.
All this stuff they say, when they say this is not real news or fake news, they're trying to tell you it's fake when you know it's real. But it is what it is.
I just wanted to let you all know what was going on with Facebook because people are asking, 'Why aren't you posting anything?'Well, they told me I couldn't.
At least they didn't pull the whole site down. I'm praying for favor. I don't like Zuckerberg anyway.
He's going to be hiding in a hole soon, in a bunker, looking out with his big curly head.
I told you he's the Antichrist's puppet. I believe that with all my heart—it's my opinion, but we'll see what happens.
I'm using their platform to reach people for Jesus, so it's just disappointing when you have 70,000 followers and it just goes.
But to God be the glory. We'll just keep doing this until the Lord tells me otherwise.
I believe I'm on YouTube until the Lord has us praying elsewhere. I always have a backup plan to my backup plan.
When I talked about the theater in Branson last night, that's a backup plan to the backup plan.
God said, 'I've called you to say the hard things that nobody else has the guts to say, Brandon.'A lot of people will shy away, but I will say whatever He tells me to say, even unto death.
When He visited me at my house and looked at me face to face, He asked, 'Are you willing to die for the cause of Christ?'I said, 'Lord, I would.
As for me and my house, we serve You.'I know that's not always an easy thing to say, but I'm the one standing up here telling you all what's coming.
While others want to give you sugarcoated prophetic words that are just fruity flakes, I'm trying to tell you a shaking's coming to awaken.
So far, we're seeing it. It had nothing to do with Brandon Biggs, but it's been a very interesting couple of months.
2026, the year of 1 Corinthians 5:5, has been spent in that cleft of the rock, watching the shakings of the nations.
As we go into summer, we have just begun to see the birthing pains doubling and increasing.
So I just want to encourage people: don't give up and don't get weary in well-doing.
When you are striking a nerve with the devil—like when I was telling my friend some things and after it was over, Slewfoot tried to show up yelling in my garage again—you know you've struck a nerve.
The demonic realm is real, but we have power and authority over it.
You've got to take your communion and anoint your head with oil, and believe that your cup runneth over.
Last night, we brought 62 people to Jesus Christ within an hour and a half.
It is amazing to see people come to the saving knowledge of Jesus in the last couple of months.
I've rambled enough. We're about to see something major. Thousands worshipped in Times Square on Easter Sunday.
That's pretty cool. I bet that Mamdani is rolling over in his office up there.
He's like, 'No, it's about Allah.'He's up there wanting to play the call to prayer, but his false god is going down.
I'm so tired of being politically correct. People need to repent or they're going to burn in hell.
It's time for the church to get a backbone and stop being limp-wristed or we're going to lose the land.
You can't even say anything on Facebook without violating community guidelines.
They won't tell you what you said wrong because they don't want a lawsuit, but they don't like the name of Jesus because it torments the devil inside them when they're licking crystals or snorting cocaine.
It's time for the violent to take it by force and tell people to repent because Jesus is coming.
If we all stand together and preach the gospel, repentance, and holiness, think of what we will see.
Thank God for that pastor in Times Square. Jesus suffered and died for every one of us to have a victorious life.
It's time to come home. Gilmore said 9,000 people were born again in Cuba and 42,000 came to the meeting.
97 pastors came to get refired up and spread the gospel through the nations.
Father, we thank You for the platform of YouTube, X, and even Facebook.
We submit ourselves unto God. We are not moved by what we see or feel, but by what the Word of God says.
We will stand on the wall yelling that Jesus Christ is coming.
We are fully persuaded that what God has promised, He is able also to perform.
Jesus, we believe You're a healer and a prosperer. You will take care of us financially.
For You said 30, 60, and 100-fold if we sow seed into good ground.
We believe everyone in here tonight is going to be debt-free. We lay hold to the finances to supply for the kingdom.
I say, 'Not yet'to the shaking—the church needs supplies to bring forth the harvest.
Supply all their needs, Lord. We are the head and not the tail. When we lay hands on the sick, they will recover.
I thank You that we will see autistic children become completely, radically renewed and set free. And they'll see what Jesus did for him.
When I hear my friend Billy Burke talk about how he had stage four cancer and he couldn't even see out of one eye because he had double vision—he was on the verge of death.
The doctors said, "You're going to die in just a couple of days."He was 11 or 12 years old, I believe, on the verge of death.
The doctors had to make the grandmother sign the papers for Billy, and she took him to a Kathryn Kuhlman meeting.
He sat up in the balcony, just waiting there, and Kathryn turned around and said, "You get down here!"By the Spirit of God, he didn't even want to go.
They had to drag him down there. The ushers had to grab hold of him and pull him down there, dying of cancer. When she laid hands on him, she asked, "Do you believe?
Do you believe?"Finally, when Jesus touched him and knocked four rows of people out in the Holy Ghost, he laid and shook underneath the power of God.
From that moment forward, he was completely healed by Jesus.
By Jesus'stripes, Jesus touched Billy. It was awesome to hear.
I hear that testimony all the time, and I think about it. That's the same thing that has happened to my Megan.
Do you believe? Do you believe? She's not overcoming cancer, but she is overcoming autism.
I believe that she will have her day of sitting right here and telling you about the goodness of God and what's happened to her body.
Her mind was completely touched and renewed. She can talk clearly.
I believe it; I'm fully persuaded. I look for it every day. It's coming. It's here.
She's already healed, I know, but we're going to see the manifestation, and she's going to sit right here.
She's going to tell you about what God did for her and what she experienced.
I believe there are many of you that have the same kind of testimony out there, that you're believing for your child or for your miracle.
You say, "Well, the doctor tells me I only have a couple of days to live, Brandon.
I'm that person."And I say, I believe Jesus is a healer. I believe Jesus is a rewarder of those that diligently seek Him.
I believe that it's your day, your expiration date for sickness, as we see throughout this day that Jesus took it all on the cross.
He was whipped to the point of being unrecognizable. Flesh was hanging off His bones.
He suffered greatly for you to walk in victory over sickness. By His stripes, we are healed. That's why we take this.
This isn't a religious act; this is in remembrance of what He did for us.
Jesus took it all for you. I'm not going to allow the devil to put on me what Jesus took.
I'm not taking his 'poo poo package.'He takes the FedEx 'poo poo package'and he puts it at your door to see if you accept it.
I say, "I'm not accepting it. I am not allowing autism to stay on my child anymore.
I am not allowing my life to keep being this way."Why? Because Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory over it.
It wasn't just for salvation; Jesus paid the price for you to be healed.
Jesus paid the price for you to be prosperous. He became poor that you might be rich. You don't have to be poor anymore.
You don't have to be broke, busted, and disgusted, down and out, thinking, "How am I going to get through this life anymore?"Jesus paid the price for your mental torment.
He was wounded for our transgressions, He was bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon Him, and with His stripes, we are healed.
He gives you His peace. My peace I give unto you. I believe it's time for us to have that peace, so we walk around and people wonder, "Why are you so at ease all the time?"Because He gave me peace.
My peace I leave with you; my peace I give unto you. I receive peace, joy, and His patience tonight.
Thank You, Lord. By faith, I receive more. I need more patience sometimes with these people.
Father, I thank You for patience, kindness, goodness, and self-control.
When it comes to eating, I have self-control. My Father gives it to me. I yield to self-control, joy, and longsuffering.
I yield, Father, to everything the fruits of the Spirit say I can have.
Father, tonight we take this body right now in Jesus'name, and we give You glory, honor, and praise for what You did 2,000-plus years ago.
Lord Jesus, You became the ultimate sacrifice for us. We plead the blood.
We make much of the blood. The blood makes much of us. We apply the blood; it never loses its power.
I thank You, Father, that the blood covers my mind. I hear You uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I apply the blood of Jesus over us. I thank You, Lord, for the blood and that it never loses its power.
I thank You, Lord, that Great is Your faithfulness to us. I put angels all around this room, Father.
If there's anything You want to show us tonight in prayer, we yield to it.
We yield to the anointing of the prophetic and the anointing of the watcher.
We thank You, Lord, that You show us that which is to come. We pray, Father, that we are always ahead of the storm.
We know what the devil is planning before he even thinks he's going to plan it, because God knows the devil's plan before he even plans it.
That's why He tells us what he is going to do, so you're going to stop him.
Hit him in the head like the whack-a-mole, Brandon. Stop him before it happens.
I have given you power and authority to tread on serpents and scorpions, and nothing shall by any means hurt you.
When you know God knows the plans of the enemy before they even exist, we've got the victory. But we've got to pray.
That's why He gives us people that can see, and we're so thankful that we see before they even have a plan to do it—a year in advance, sometimes more.
I'll tell you this: I was going through a drive-thru, and I was going to tell you this yesterday.
I always talk about seeing—how it's ankle-deep, waist-deep, or over the head—and it's like fighting to stay in it.
Have you ever jumped off a cliff or a boat with a life jacket on?
You jump in that water and instantaneously, that life jacket pulls you up.
If you fight against it, you can stay submerged for a bit, but to remain underneath takes effort.
The Lord showed me it was like a person with a life jacket on. The natural realm is always trying to pull you out of the Spirit and out of being a seer.
That's why I get so tired—unless you're conditioning yourself, you're fighting against the flesh to stay in that realm of the Spirit.
The moment you go as deep as you can, your life jacket automatically pulls you out.
When I went to heaven, I could feel it; I was there and I didn't want to leave, but I could feel it pulling and sucking me out.
When you're only ankle-deep, you see so much, and when you're waist-deep, you see more.
But when you go to the bottom of that pool, I'm able to see a lot more of what the Lord wants me to see.
It takes dying to self and making your flesh submit to go deeper. Automatically, the natural realm tries to pull you out.
That's why when we get our glorified bodies, it's going to be beautiful.
Sometimes it's like having a scuba tank on without that life jacket, and you're down there swimming around for a bit.
It's only every once in a while that He lets that happen to that extent. It always feels like the flesh is trying to pull you out.
Then I stop and sing praises, and you worship Him and give Him glory, and it keeps you in that deeper water.
We don't see to attract glory to ourselves; it's always about giving God glory. He can use anybody.
As long as you keep the main thing the main thing and keep yourself humble, saying, "You can use whoever You want to."He could use Sister Clipboard tonight, even if we don't think she deserves it. Who are you to say He can't?
When you stay in that place of always giving Him glory and keeping your eyes on Him through prayer and fasting, I've learned to develop the relationship to the point where it's easier to get in the river.
It used to take me hours, but now I jump in the river a lot faster. But that life jacket—the flesh—tries to keep you out.
It's always fighting your thoughts, insecurities, and what people think.
You have to say, "Shut up, flesh! I'm not listening to you. I am the righteousness of God in Christ Jesus.
As He is, so am I in this world."I am fully submerged in His love tonight.
As long as you keep worshiping Him, you'll stay in that deeper water.
I was telling Diana about the watcher anointing—when that cloak comes on, the heavier it is, the more you're able to see.
There are definitely levels: ankle-deep, waist-deep, and over the head.
There is a big difference between just splashing around and having the ability to see deeper things.
So, I hope that blessed you. Father, I just thank You for tonight.
We lift up President Trump before You. Obviously, he had a rough day.
We don't excuse his behavior or his use of profanity; I know he's smarter than that.
But Father, his behavior is not pleasing, and I'm praying for him instead of judging him. I don't understand that. Maybe it was just ignorance.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, that you've got the heart, that you've got him in your hand.
And Father, I thank you that you have patience with him regardless of whatever was going on with all this pressure.
I don't know how many people could handle what he's been through even in the last eight years.
But I ask you, Father, right now to give him peace wherever he's at in the White House and his house in Florida—if his marriage is doing okay, if his grandkids are acting out—I don't know.
But I know, Father, that with all the pressure that he has from the media and the Democrats, and then foreign nations and Iran and the soldiers, you can crack under pressure.
And Father, that's where we come in as believing believers.
We just lift him up before you. I thank you, God, that you have mercy.
We don't praise Allah, Father. We praise you. We give Jesus all the glory, honor, and praise on this day.
And Father, I know that could have been a grieving, but Father, we ask you to forgive him.
He knows not what he did. He messed up. But Father, I pray for a covering around President Trump tonight.
That you give him wisdom, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly, and Father, that you give him that supernatural peace that passes all understanding right now as he's probably getting ready to go to bed.
I ask you, Father, to give him wisdom this week and how he handles Iran and how he handles the Strait.
Father, this is a chess match and this thing is trying to sink his presidency, but we know you called him to do this to liberate the people of Iran from the Ayatollah, and now we undergird him for his obedience in getting rid of tyrant people that were brutally murdering Christians, treating women like trash, and doing god-awful things.
We thank you, Lord, that those people are no longer in power.
And it's because of people like President Trump that helped set those people free.
Now, God, Father, I thank you that this war is going to come to an end, that peace is over the Middle East and that the oil and all that you showed me concerning 'drill, baby, drill'that America will be financially stable and that this will turn around; what the devil meant for bad, God, we're going to turn it around for good.
We thank you, Lord, that he doesn't act hastily concerning Iran and how to handle these situations, that he strategically processes and knows exactly what we need to do, and he'll see it in foresight, being able to see ahead of time on how to handle this so that we don't mess up.
I thank you, Father, for protecting the troops, the pilots that got away today, that they didn't lose their lives, and that you protected the one even with a broken ankle.
I thank you, Father, that your hands were on our troops today.
I thank you, Father, that no weapon formed against our troops would prosper on the Abraham Lincoln, on the George W.
Bush, and on all the bases around; Father, that you protect every single serviceman and woman.
Father, they're not in harm's way. The rockets can fall in, but it will not nigh their dwelling.
I thank you. I'm so grateful, Father, for the eyes of the watcher.
Even whenever we have hard days, Father, you're so merciful.
Even by your grace—it's not that we deserve it—but it's all by your mercy and your grace that you show us anything.
Your sister doesn't know we're live, hun. She's yelling my name in there.
What was interesting about what I just saw was like an explosion of a vision; I was able to see a lot very quickly and it just flooded me.
So, this is what we're going to go with. Father, we pray for his kids.
We pray over Don Jr. right now. Father, I lift up Don Jr. before you in the name of Jesus. We thank you that his life is protected.
Every plot, every plan, every pursuit of any kind of attack against his life is thwarted in Jesus'name.
We lift up Don Jr., we lift up Eric, we lift up Barron, we lift up Tiffany, and we lift up Ivanka and Kai.
We plead the blood of Jesus over them in the name of Jesus. We pray over his children.
We pray over Don. Oh Father, even the person who's going to replace Pam Bondi.
You think there's so much there. I'm in New York City, all around Trump Tower.
I'm looking right at Trump Tower. I'm going down the street and I'm praying over Don Jr.
I pray over his family that every plot, every plan, every pursuit, every planned assassination, or every planned attack of murder—whatever it may be—Father, your hand is around and about the children.
I thank you, Father, that the angels of the Lord are around and about the children.
I see a storm coming around him. I see a storm that looks like a tornado.
And this tornado was sucking around and about him going down the street of New York.
And it looks like a tornado that looks similar to a cartoon. This is a major tornado.
And the tornado is going in; it's blowing his hair, his jacket, his tie, and his garments on his body.
And I see this tornado come right up to his feet and it stops. Eric is over here, and Don is over here.
The storm is there, but both are up steps. Eric, his tie is just going sideways. He looks frantic as he's reaching out for his brother.
I see the wind is so close to him that it's actually removing the flesh on his face, pulling it back so that you see almost the skull and the innards.
But as I see it, I see Eric reaching out to him, trying to grab him out of harm's way.
But his tie is striped and it's going up around his neck, pulling out toward the side, and he's frantic because even his hair is being moved.
I see Trump Tower in the background and I see the steps, and the storm is getting smaller now.
It went from great big to smaller and smaller, to the point where he could hold it in his hand.
And I see the Lord's face. Lord, you're not in the tornado. Jesus took care of the storm.
Jesus's face was in the storm as it shrunk. I could see his cheeks, and all of a sudden that storm became nothing.
It was like the size of a micro-car. I see his face. I see Eric and Don.
I see the building, but I see coins that have white sneakers on that are walking.
They have white gloves on and white shoes on with eyes, and the coins are walking like M&M characters behind the boys.
They're on Trump. Eric is making the coins walk in a straight line ahead of him.
They're all on the steps where his brother looks wounded. The wounds on his face from that storm are on fire.
They look like they're burning from the inside out. Beside the tower, I see a new tower that's really tall, like a skyscraper.
I see Trump on this, but it has a screen that looks like an LED screen similar to downtown Times Square on those buildings.
It's in a V that goes up, and there's actually this screen on the side of this building that's glass, playing a movie clip like a commercial or some kind of advertisement, similar to big golden letters that say Trump.
But Trump is not at the bottom base; it's up at the top. I see a movie screen on this building that looks like LED lights; it's like AI with little men dancing.
These little coins are walking to the building that's built as a brand-new huge structure.
And there is an LED screen that looks like AI that's in a pyramid shape.
I see Barron coming alongside this and he's walking up the steps to this building.
Barron has a tuxedo on with tails, like the nice ones, and he has black patent leather shoes on. It looks like a wedding outfit.
And he's walking up to the building with the LED and the coins bouncing back and forth to go in there.
This building will be much bigger than even the building that they're in right now; this building will double what is on them right now.
As I see this building grow taller and taller, the taller it goes, the skinnier it is at the top. But as it goes up, the base is getting thicker at the bottom.
I see the building that has Trump at the bottom; it's becoming smaller as this one grows taller, and Barron's in it—Barron, Eric, and Don.
But Don is wounded on the steps with his face. There's fire on him and it looks like he's burning from the inside out.
He doesn't look right. He has holes and he's burning. His hands and his clothes are burning.
He looks like sulfur. We pray for Don Jr. We pray for Don Jr.'s skin.
We pray for his face. Father, I thank you, Lord. The holes are filled.
There are five coins. Now all through that building is digital writing.
It looks like the Matrix and all of it's moving and the whole building is lit up.
The glass front became green letters and numbers; the whole building is moving.
I see a brand-new jet, beautiful. On the side, I see paint. That old Trump jet is about to become a new jet.
And it's no longer a great big one; it's a fast one that looks like a Citation X, a lot faster than that big one they have.
I see Maliki. I see oil wells. I see great oil derricks like they had back with Texas, like the Houston Oilers.
The oil is springing forth out of the top of these oil derricks.
They're in Iraq. As you see Iran crumble, watch Iraq. I see oil.
A second plan across the land. A double plan across the land.
You'll see it in the news as Iran is crippled back to the Stone Ages and the Prince of Persia lets go of Iraq.
You'll see a crippling of Iran's infrastructure, their finances, their oil, and the Strait.
But watch Iraq. I see a fountain of oil coming up out of these derricks.
And I see oil coming up out of Iraq and in Venezuela. I see great wealth and oil coming out of Venezuela.
I see more oil. I see financial coming up out of South America. I see a shaking coming to Colombia.
There's oil in Colombia on the border there, and I see oil coming up out of it.
I see oil and gold. I see the banker. I see big bankers, but their heads are huge like bobbleheads.
Their necks aren't able to support their heads. And I see these bankers and I see gold-backed and oil-backed.
You see gold nuggets kind of fade away as I see gold oil come. I see Saudi Arabia. I see outside Gaza.
There's something with Greenland concerning mineral deals for the heavy metals and minerals.
It's in the land. I see trucks working this soil in Greenland. Cobalt. I can tell you where it's at, too.
I see it, but I see these big dump trucks all going down and I see stability.
I see a plan upon a plan. I see the land going to Russia. I see deals trying to be made, but I see the land going to Russia.
I see Russia flooding it, and it becomes part of Russia. I see deals trying to be made with Putin.
I hear him talking deals about Ukraine. Putin wants the whole thing; I hear him talking at a table.
I see Taiwan and Cuba. Cuba looks like a party place. Cuba has all kinds of new buildings coming up all over it.
I see Cuba again; I see building, I see stability. I see a cruise destination and ports for cruises.
I see hotels, brand-new, all on the oceanfront. Cuba looks like a party island, like a tourist destination with money coming up and buildings.
You know how you see Legos? Time-lapse moving forward. I see it moving up, and all the buildings are popping up around the front of the island toward America.
There are industries like manufacturing. He said many will come toward this side, toward America.
There are cruise ships and hotels that look like casinos, like the Bahamas.
It's really something. I can see all the people in the restaurants. The people of Cuba are smiling; they look happy.
And I mean this by no disrespect, but the women look like they're getting fat.
I'm just telling you what I see; the people look heavy. Their faces look thick.
I see all these boats, cruise ships, and big money boats or yachts.
They're all on the water, and I see them smoking cigars. It's very clear.
But I see Taiwan again, and Taiwan is glowing with a yellow light.
I went back to Iraq. Everything in Iran is smoking right now.
I see smoke burning on oil and buildings. I see a complete desolation of Iran.
I see palm trees and beautiful structures coming up out of Iraq.
I see a new Babylon rising. I see blessing. I see Rolls-Royces and Ferraris. It looks like the Monopoly man, just like Saudi Arabia.
But I see great corruption, though it's tamed back by 50% because Iran's hand is no longer in the pot.
I see Iran has been tamed because of Ayatollah and all that's gone on.
Their hand was in the cookie jar. Their hand is no longer in it; it is being cut off.
It's no longer in the cookie jar because he's dead. That's how clear I see it.
Iran was influencing Iraq, and the hand will no longer be in the cookie jar for a season.
I see Iraq coming up and blessing flowing. I see oil and palm trees. I see buildings and structures like Saudi Arabia.
I see that Prince of Persia; he looks like he's wounded but he's scheming. It was the Lord's hand.
You don't realize what you have seen today, that my hand moved on behalf of this and I used President Trump to do it.
The Lord said, 'My hand was in this.'That's why it's so important for you to pray for liberation.
This is setting it up even more for the end times. Watch the prince.
Watch this MBS. Watch him right. Watch MBS. Watch Iraq. Watch MBS.
Watch TV. You must stand and contend for it. I see a rising in the Middle East getting ready for the Mahdi.
The unwanted stepchild has been wounded concerning the Middle East.
As you see this unwanted stepchild become crippled, you'll see a brotherhood form with these others.
The unwanted stepchild was a nuisance and in the way. I see Saudi Arabia rising up.
I see coins behind Saudi Arabia. I see the prince, MBS, rising up.
He's there. But why is there water all around him? Great wealth.
There's been a holding back, and suddenly I heard it hadn't been time.
Iran had their hand in the cookie jar, and he's removed it. There is great corruption that was there, and he's removing it.
I see buildings being built, but I see the Prince of Saudi Arabia influencing some of these things.
I see the Prince of Saudi Arabia coming on the scene in Israel.
I see him talking about a two-state solution. I see him being a forerunner for a two-state solution.
I see Jared and MBS. Jared's at the front; MBS is right behind him.
Jared has a black suit jacket with a black tie and a white shirt, and he has dark circles under his eyes for a two-state solution.
Father, we call for the people of Cuba to be liberated. Braden, is it a topaz? It's like a blue stone that looks like a turquoise stone.
It's not see-through like a diamond; it's something you would put in Indian jewelry.
That's what I'm seeing over Cuba. Now I'm in a parade. I see a military parade in the United States around the 4th.
We pray for President Trump to be okay. He's flourishing. He's going to snap out of this.
We pray over his health, his heart, his veins, his body, and his mind.
He's going to finish strong in Jesus'name through 2027 and 2028.
Help me pray in the spirit right now because I'm looking into the election, and the Lord said this must be bathed in prayer.
The midterms must be bathed in prayer concerning states and keeping the House.
I see that we could keep the Senate by one seat. You must pray into this, or it will flip blue.
I see the red still being strong in the House. Pray for the House to remain.
I see President Trump having a stalemate presidency to keep him in charge.
May is a divine month. I see our economy and interest rates. We call for clarity to come forth in the name of Jesus.
I call it to turn. There will be a red wave in California. We call for an unexpected change in California for corruption to be uncovered.
Voter fraud uncovered in California. We call a red wave to flood California.
And then we call Texas to remain strong. An unexpected red wave in California.
Minnesota's turning; we're calling Minnesota to turn in Jesus'name.
We call for the rest to be restored. I'm looking over Europe: restore, restore.
You restore all that the enemy ate. It's all going to depend on how they pray in May to restore the right.
A restoring of everything the devil had to try to steal, kill, and destroy.
Good days ahead for the body of Christ. The greater outpouring.
I breathe the word. We call in the rain in Jesus'name over Texas.
We break this drought. We call in five inches of rain this week.
In the name of Jesus, low-pressure system, come forth, jet stream, come over our area.
We call the rain in Jesus'name over Texas, Oklahoma, Missouri, Arkansas, and all over the areas that are in a major drought.
Use your authority over the weather and pray over the rain. Call the rain forth over your area.
Rain, come in Jesus'name over California, Nevada, Arizona, Utah, Colorado, Wyoming, and Montana.
We will break the drought in Jesus'name. Thank you, Lord. We take authority over the drought.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus, for all that we received this weekend.
We're so grateful, Father, but we need more. We're so thankful, Father. We're calling it in. Thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah for rain over Florida, rain over our areas, and rain in Jesus'name.
Thank you, Lord. We break the drought. Thank you, Father, that we break the drought.
There's so much I could keep going, y'all. Keep praying with me.
I know I've kept you here late. Oh my goodness, Lord. We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord. We give you praise, Father, for all that you've done tonight.
You're bringing it through. We thank you, Lord, for what you're doing.
We thank you, Father, and we thank you, Jesus. We give you praise, Lord. We thank you, Father, for the anointing oil.
We thank you, Lord, that we are anointed from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
We're so grateful, Father, for all that you've done. Is everything okay, son?
We thank you, Father. We're calling it in: a red wave over California.
And you know what's interesting? As I see this red wave, I keep praying in.
We've got to pray into this. It will shock and awe the people.
All of a sudden, you'll go, 'Are you kidding me? Wouldn't that be amazing?
Isn't Jesus wonderful?'The people are fed up with Gavin. The people are fed up with how they're doing things.
We just got to pray. Thank you, Father. Hallelujah. We praise you, Lord.
We praise you, Father, in the mighty name of Jesus. Thank you, Father.
You know, there are so many different veins that I was seeing tonight.
It's like there are so many different things and we prayed into each one.
As I was seeing it, it's like, my goodness, each one is a prayer project by itself.
You know, you could pray for Cuba; there are all kinds of things we saw tonight: Iraq, all the things.
It's absolutely incredible because, as you've seen, every single one of these things is a major prayer project.
Praying for this stuff to happen, we're just in the last of the last days, and it's absolutely amazing to me.
Praying over a red wave, praying over our Senate and our House, praying over Australia, praying over the drought, praying over rain to come, praying over protection over the Trumps, and so on.
We'll keep doing this over and over again and praying as the Spirit leads us.
We're so thankful for every single one of you that came out tonight.
But I want to ask you: do you know Jesus Christ? Do you know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior?
What are you showing me about Dawn, son? You watch. If you were to die tonight, where would you spend eternity? That's all that matters.
Out of all the things we talked about tonight, after praying all these things, where would you spend eternity?
If you were to die today, if you were to leave this earth today, where would you spend eternity?
Would you go to heaven or would you go to hell? I want you to get real with yourself.
We're all excited about Easter and the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
I am because I'm ready. My son is, my daughter—we're all excited.
We're all looking up because we know whom we have believed. But do you know Him?
It doesn't matter if I know Him concerning your life if you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
You say, 'Well, I'm excited that you're excited, Brandon, but I don't know about me. I don't know where I'd spend eternity.
If I were to die today, I don't know where I'd go.'I want you not to question it anymore.
I want you to know and be fully persuaded that if you were to die tonight, you know where you would go.
If the rapture of the church were to take place, I know I'm going.
I know I have my ticket. Do you have your ticket? Are you assured in your heart tonight?
I want you to be assured. And the only way you really are assured is if you're sold out to Him.
You've given your all to Him. You're not in compromise. You're not living a double-standard life.
You're not one foot in the world and the party scene, having nothing to do with church. You say, 'I never go to church.
I said the sinner's prayer when I was 11, but I'm 35 now and I haven't been back since.'That's not a way to gamble and play with your life.
You need to be all-in. You need to say, 'I'm sold out to Him. I need Him.'And I'm just going to say a simple prayer tonight.
I know it's late. Don't leave yet. Just say this simple prayer and mean it from your heart.
Give your all to Him. And the moment you do this, I truly believe your life is going to be forever changed.
But you've got to be real with yourself and you've got to get real with God.
So if you're ready to get real with God tonight and you want to sell out to Him and give your all to Him, I want to say this simple prayer.
It won't take but a couple seconds. And then I want you to come back and subscribe, like, and be part of our YouTube channel.
Come back here and pray with us. Be a part of our prayer team here.
Get plugged into a local church and get ready because we're about to see some radical stuff.
Are you ready? If you're not, let's get you ready. I'm not here to condemn.
I'm not here to beat you down and say, 'Well, you dirty rotten sinner.'I'm here to say, 'Welcome home.
Welcome home.'It's been a long road. I'm glad you're here. Jesus is not up there getting ready to beat you with a wet noodle, calling you a wicked servant.
No, He's saying, 'Welcome home, son. Welcome home, daughter. I love you.
I'm so glad you came tonight.'So I just want to say a simple prayer.
Just repeat it after me. Say, 'Jesus, I believe you are the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day. Jesus, I want to make you my Lord and personal Savior.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need you. I need you to forgive me of my sins.
I confess my sins before you. Forgive me, Father. I need a fresh, clean start tonight.
And you said in your word, if I confess my sins, you are faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Jesus, as of tonight, I turn my back on the devil. I turn my back on my sin.
I turn my back on what I was doing. I turn my back on the world. But tonight, I sell out to you.
I give my whole life to you. I ask you right now to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Jesus, today I'm coming home. Jesus, today I am born again. And if I were to die tonight, I know I'll be with you for eternity in paradise.
Thank you, Lord, that you have forgiven me. Thank you, Lord, that today I am born again.
Thank you, Lord, that you are now the ruler of my life as I yield my life over to you in Jesus'name.
Amen and amen.'I believe if you just said that prayer, you just got born again. Now what do you do?
I would go to a Bible-believing church and tell the pastor there, 'Listen, I want to be water baptized.'Get water baptized.
Get plugged in there. If they've got Sunday nights, Wednesday nights, whatever they've got going on, get plugged in. Get you a Bible. Pray.
Come over here and pray with us and get yourself stirred up so that you don't go back to the mess that you were doing before.
And if you do mess up, run to God when you sin. Don't run away from Him. He's not up there going to beat you up; He wants to help you.
But you've got to give your all to Him and say, 'Lord, I need you to help me.
I can't do this on my own.'None of us can. We are all saved by grace.
He loves you. He is your friend. He wants to just brush you off and clean you up.
It's like a toddler. We all fall when we're toddlers. When you see a toddler fall, it's not that unusual. And so, we're baby Christians.
You pick yourself back up, grow up, and keep getting in this word and it will change you from the inside out.
Now, if you don't have a Bible and you just said the sinner's prayer with us, we will send you a Bible for free here in the United States of America.
There's an email down below. I want you to email us. Just put in the headline, 'I got born again.
I'd like to have a free Bible.'We will send it to you. Give us your name and your address so we know where to send it.
We just want to love on you and tell you welcome to the family.
Thank you for joining us and being a part of this YouTube channel tonight. We're so excited that you showed up.
I know it's a little different for the babies, for the people who are not born again, but I'm so glad all 43 of you just said the sinner's prayer and rededicated your life back to Jesus.
Welcome home. All 43 of you. Yesterday we had 62; today we have 43.
And we're so grateful for every single one of you that said that prayer with us.
And we will continue to pray for you as you pray for us. You come back and be a part of this. Read your Bible. Get plugged in.
Stick around, like, subscribe, and do all the things you can to help us be a part of this YouTube channel.
I believe it's one of the coolest churches you could go to where the Lord tells us what's coming in the future.
I believe that He shows us that which is to come. I think it's fun.
I love to dip in the river with Him because there ain't nothing like it.
I look forward to it every time I pray with y'all, that He's going to show us.
And like I always tell you, I'm not here to try to put on a show.
I'm all about Jesus and praying for the end times. Jesus is Lord of Brandon's life and my kids.
And we are sold out to Him. I'm just so thankful that you're a part of this prayer channel and a part of the prayer army.
And I believe many hands make light work. So it's all about Jesus.
I want to make that known and make that very clear that I can't do anything apart from Him.
It's all Jesus, ladies and gentlemen. And we all know that, but I want to make sure you know it by me saying it out of my mouth.
So we love you. Thank you for coming tonight. Did you get something out of it?
Did you get blessed this evening? I know it's late. It's almost tomorrow. So, yep, we'll be back and pray more.
Father, will you bless them as they go into their Monday and close out this week?
I thank you, Father, that this second week of April is blessing the city and the field, coming in and going out.
I thank you, Father, that whatever they put their hands to will prosper.
That this will be a week of great memories and great breakthrough.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that they're getting jobs and better jobs, raises and bonuses, benefits, sales and commission, growth in business, estates and inheritances, interest and income, rebates and returns, checks in the mail, gifts and surprises, finding money, bills paid off, bills decreased, blessing and increase.
We believe that the blessing and favor of God is on your household as you are a child of the Most High God, the King of kings and Lord of lords.
We serve Him with all our hearts. And I believe that He is a rewarder of those that diligently seek Him.
And so we're so thankful for your time with us tonight. And thank you again for supporting us and always being here praying with me.
I'd pray regardless if you're here, but I'm so thankful that you come and pray with me.
It's a blessing. God bless you all. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you. God bless you and we'll see you again. Bye-bye.